README.md, before:

Update your `README.md` using the template below. We are specifically interested in the installation instructions (e.g., all the gems, how to load real or seed data, etc.). This sample README was developed for a Rails project, so you can swap the "Gems" section of the "Installation" instructions to include add-ons that are relevant to you.

If any of the sections in this template grows to more than one screen, consider placing it in its own file and linking to it from this file. Those files could live in a subdirectory called `docs`.

**Make sure to check out the repo anew and test your installation instructions.**

Provide a README file with the following information:

# Project Name //todo

## Project summary //todo

### One-sentence description of the project

A website to organize info on legislative bills and the meetings and people related to them.

### Additional information about the project

TODO: Write a compelling/creative/informative project description / summary

## Installation

### Prerequisites

TODO: List what a user needs to have installed before running the installation instructions below (e.g., git, which versions of Ruby/Rails)

### Add-ons

TODO: List which add-ons are included in the project, and the purpose each add-on serves in your app.

### Installation Steps

TODO: Describe the installation process (making sure you mention `bundle install`).
Instructions need to be such that a user can just copy/paste the commands to get things set up and running. 


## Functionality

TODO: Write usage instructions. Structuring it as a walkthrough can help structure this section,
and showcase your features.


## Known Problems

TODO: Describe any known issues, bugs, odd behaviors or code smells. 
Provide steps to reproduce the problem and/or name a file or a function where the problem lives.


## Contributing

TODO: Leave the steps below if you want others to contribute to your project.

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## Additional Documentation

TODO: Provide links to additional documentation that may exist in the repo, e.g.,
  * Sprint reports
  * User links

## License

If you haven't already, add a file called `LICENSE.txt` with the text of the appropriate license.
We recommend using the MIT license: <https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/>

Commit message:

copy over summary from final presentation

README.md, after:

Update your `README.md` using the template below. We are specifically interested in the installation instructions (e.g., all the gems, how to load real or seed data, etc.). This sample README was developed for a Rails project, so you can swap the "Gems" section of the "Installation" instructions to include add-ons that are relevant to you.

If any of the sections in this template grows to more than one screen, consider placing it in its own file and linking to it from this file. Those files could live in a subdirectory called `docs`.

**Make sure to check out the repo anew and test your installation instructions.**

Provide a README file with the following information:

# Legislative Bill Organizer

## Project summary //todo finalize whether we want this in bullets or a paragraph.
Create a website to view details on the activity of the Washington state
legislature.
- fetch data on current bills from relevant websites
- display that data in an easy-to-navigate manner.
- synchronize legislature meeting times to their local calendar
- track selected bills
- follow various people of interest
- automatically track bills that they have created and export collected data.
- search through collected data using various filters
- view the history of any bill including
  - what actions have been taken on the bill
  - the current status of the bill
  - people involved with the bill.

### One-sentence description of the project

A website to organize info on legislative bills and the meetings and people related to them.

### Additional information about the project

TODO: Write a compelling/creative/informative project description / summary

## Installation

### Prerequisites

TODO: List what a user needs to have installed before running the installation instructions below (e.g., git, which versions of Ruby/Rails)

### Add-ons

TODO: List which add-ons are included in the project, and the purpose each add-on serves in your app.

### Installation Steps

TODO: Describe the installation process (making sure you mention `bundle install`).
Instructions need to be such that a user can just copy/paste the commands to get things set up and running. 


## Functionality

TODO: Write usage instructions. Structuring it as a walkthrough can help structure this section,
and showcase your features.


## Known Problems

TODO: Describe any known issues, bugs, odd behaviors or code smells. 
Provide steps to reproduce the problem and/or name a file or a function where the problem lives.


## Contributing

TODO: Leave the steps below if you want others to contribute to your project.

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## Additional Documentation

TODO: Provide links to additional documentation that may exist in the repo, e.g.,
  * Sprint reports
  * User links

## License

If you haven't already, add a file called `LICENSE.txt` with the text of the appropriate license.
We recommend using the MIT license: <https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/>
